# Assignment 7 (Part 3)

### Viz Critique
* The purpose of this visualization seems unclear. I think this is mainly because of the uninformative labels used here. In particular, some might interpret that there are two different characteristics (both labeled as values) that this visualization tries to emphasize: one denoted by color and the other by circle size (because the color of the largest circle associated with number 208 is darker than the far right side of the color scale associated with the number 208). Some others, on the other hand, might think that it is a single characteristic that is being represented with two different features (since both have the same values labeled including the average value). Without clearer labels, it is difficult to understand what these "values" represent, making the whole visualization less effective. It also would help to have a title and some context for the visualization. 
* While I think that the map is not easy to read due to its light color, I like that the parks are marked with light green to be distinguished from other regions. 
    
### My visualization description
* I would first insert a clear title and include some context such as purpose, data source, or any other information that would help others understand the visualization. Assuming the visualization is trying to highlight the number of park monuments only, I would allow others to pick how data values are represented: using color only vs. using circle size only, for instance. Depending on what they choose, I would only show the points using different colors of same sizes or using different circle sizes of same colors, not the combination of the two. Allowing users to change how light/dark the map shows up, overall, would also be a nice feature.